ENH: Add function to plot statistical clusters on brain surface (#13366)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/dev/13366.newfeature.rst

> Make :func:`~mne.viz.plot_stat_cluster` that plots spatial extent of a cluster on top of a brain by `Shristi Baral`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add :func:`~mne.viz.plot_stat_cluster` that plots the spatial extent of a cluster on top of a brain by `Shristi Baral`_.
```
